On the current folder on the current, I want to create an application that takes a CSV file of my expenses and revenue, categorize each line into revenue or expense, and into pre-defined categories, allowing me to track my total expesnes and revenue on a monthly basis. 
I also want to have dashboards to see reporting and analysis of how I expeding my money.

We are going to build this step by step:
A. Built the algorithm that classifies the expenditures and revenues into the multiple categories
B. Building an interface that is able to take new CSV files into the data, and categories those new expenses.
C. Integrating the reporting and dashboard logic into a website, for me to make quick analysis if we are overspeding or not

As a current MVP, I have create a Excel file (xlsx) that already tracks my revenues and expenses on a monthly basis, and also has the data to train the classification model for the future. 
On the Excel these are the following tabs:
1. Metrics: It has only the information of the last date of the data that the excel has:
    Cuenta Corriente: data related to my checkings account, is updated until the date 2/10/2026
    Tarjeta Credito Pedro: data related to my credit card, is updated until the date 2/7/2026
    Tarjeta Credito Renatta: data related to my wife's credit card, is updated until the date 2/7/2026
2. Gasto_BofA: Sheet that has the historical data, the categorization, if was a revenue or an expense, the year, the month, and the source
3. Tracker: It shows the expense/revenue for each category, is a way if I have deviated from the normal expenses I should have according to my budget.
4. UCLA: is the budget I created before the MBA to have a overarching sense of how much I should expend.


A. Built the algorithm that classifies the expenditures and revenues into the multiple categories:
Take the CSV as an input, and categorize everything into multiple categories which are already pre-defined.
The data have 3 different data sources: my checkings account spendings, my credit card spendings, and my wife's spendings.
The categories are the following possibilities, and each expenditure or revenue can only be of only 1 type:
    Wire: trasnfer into of out from the accounts. Usually this are really big numbers.
    Dinning&Activities: Expenditures realted to dinnning out, or any Zelle transfer from another contact with small amounts. If it is over $1,0000 it should be other category.
    Living expenses: Expenses or revenue related to electricity, laundry, 
    Housing: expenses or revenue related to renting our current house.
    Car: car Expenses or revenue as getting maintainance to the car, or buying the car.
    Groceries: Expenses related to supermarket and groceries
    Pack: Expenses or revenue related to buying furniture at the beggining of the
    Online Shopping: expenses or revenue used to buy things Online (Amazon, Netflix, subscriptions, etc)
    Parking: Expenses related to parking 
    Car Gasoline / Transportation: expenses related to buying gasoline, Uber, Waymo or any other means of transportation
    Clothing and Accessories: Mostly on Online Shopping
    Car Insurance: Expenses related to the insurance of the car.
    Trips: expenses related to trips or vacations
    Tuition: expenses related to the tuition of my MBA.
    Miscellaneous: expenses that do not fall into other categories
    Credit Card - Pedro: expense related to paying the debt of the Credit Card of mine
    Credit Card - Renatta: expense related to paying the debt of the Credit Card of my wife
    Renatta's Work: revenues related to work my wife has done so far
    Renatta's Studies: expense related to the studies renatta has conducted in the US
    Renatta's Expenses: expense that are categorize only and exclusively to renatta that are extraordinary
    Apartment Rent: revenue we receive from renting our apartment
    Renatta's Savings: wires that renatta has send 
    Amazon Stipend: stipend I receive from Amazon to relocate
    Insurance: Expenses related to insurance outside of car insurances
    Pedro's Internship: salary I got from my internship at Amazon


B. Building an interface that is able to take new CSV files into the data, and categories those new expenses:
After the code for the categorization, i need a way to feed the data into the model

C. After all the things done before I should be able to make Data Analysis however I want.
